#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alembic==1.7.5
    # via jupyterhub
anyio==3.4.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.1
    # via jinja2-time
async-generator==1.10
    # via jupyterhub
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
autoflake==1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
black==21.12b0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==4.1.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
certipy==0.1.3
    # via jupyterhub
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   requests
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   cookiecutter
colorama==0.4.4
    # via twine
cookiecutter==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   secretstorage
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
docutils==0.18.1
    # via readme-renderer
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.12.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==0.14.3
    # via httpx
httpx==0.21.1
    # via swmclient
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   twine
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via notebook
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
isort==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.7.1
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jinja2-time
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via cookiecutter
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.3.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-packaging==0.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-server==1.13.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyter-telemetry==0.1.0
    # via jupyterhub
jupyterhub==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==3.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.10.2
    # via jupyterlab
keyring==23.5.0
    # via twine
mako==1.1.6
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mypy==0.930
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclassic==0.3.4
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nodejs==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.4.6
    # via nbclassic
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via jupyterhub
optional-django==0.1.0
    # via nodejs
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   deprecation
    #   jupyter-packaging
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
pamela==1.0.0
    # via jupyterhub
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pkginfo==1.8.2
    # via twine
platformdirs==2.4.1
    # via black
poyo==0.5.0
    # via cookiecutter
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via ipython
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   flake8
pygments==2.11.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via certipy
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterhub
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via jupyter-telemetry
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via cookiecutter
pytz==2021.3
    # via babel
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
readme-renderer==32.0
    # via twine
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   twine
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via twine
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   twine
ruamel.yaml==0.17.20
    # via jupyter-telemetry
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via ruamel.yaml
secretstorage==3.3.1
    # via keyring
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cookiecutter
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy==1.4.29
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   jupyterhub
swmclient==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==1.2.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
tomlkit==0.8.0
    # via jupyter-packaging
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterhub
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   twine
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-telemetry
    #   jupyterhub
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
twine==3.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.3
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-packaging
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
